Refactor to enable start in user supervision tree (#14)
nerves-project/nerves_ssh: README.md

your main OTP application stops, OTP may stop `:nerves_ssh`, and that would make
your device inaccessible via SSH.

### Starting as part of one of your supervision trees

If you want to do this, make sure that you do NOT specify `:nerves_ssh` in your

> `config.exs`. The `:nerves_ssh` decides whether or not to automatically launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`config.exs`. The `:nerves_ssh` key decides whether or not to automatically launch
```

based on this.

Then when specifying the children for your supervisor, add `NervesSSH` like
this:

```elixir
    {NervesSSH, nerves_ssh_options}
```

The `nerves_ssh_options` should be a `NervesSSH.Options` struct. See the

> `Configuration` section things that you may specify. Calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Configuration` section option fields that you may specify. Calling
```
